VODoPlay ... Entertainment - Ψυχαγωγία!
Twin Peak S.A. www.vodomedia.com www.vodomedia.com
Why are you laughing?
I am so scared.
- Why?
- I don't know.
Don't be scared.
When I was little and we used to move
all the time, I'd write these notes,
and I would fold them
up really small...
...and I would hide
them in different places,
so that if I ever wanted to go back,
there'd be a piece of me there waiting.
- Did you ever go back?
- No.
See? That's what I'm saying.
'Cause I didn't need to.
What'd they say?
They were just like,
old rhymes and poems.
Things I wanted to
remember about...
...living in that house
or what I liked about it.
Why did you leave?
Why'd you leave
all those houses?
'Cause I didn't have a choice.
Some weird noises in this house.